README.md, before:

# Find_me_game
This is a game for a school assignment in seconary school, and takes insperation from the Wanted minigame from Mario


# Log: 23-01-18
For today, I have finnished adding in my progress from another computer, onto the repo.
For the next log, I will try to fix the loading screen so that it loades one page at a time.
But not before adding comments where necesary.
Have a nice day

---Philip Mellbin

# log 23-01-21
For today, I have fixed the functionality of the loading screen and will now work on the style of it.
After the loading screan is compleated, I will work on the main game.
Have a nice day!

---Philip Mellbin

# log 23-01-23

For today, I have continued filing on the load sequence, as well as started progress on game articel.
The plan I have right now is to dedicate 1 weak on game section, half a week on the game over section and use the remaining time to file the game. Like add countdown(Will probably do that today), add X feature(Don't click on the color the X displays), and maby more collors

For the final 3 days of the assignment, I will begin on a documentation document, summarizing all that i've done, as well as future aspirations with the program(if there are anny)

Have a nice day!

--Philip Mellbin

Commit message:

expressed more in #_Find_me_gamne section of README.md

README.md, after:

# Find_me_game
This is a game for a school assignment in seconary school, and takes insperation from the Wanted minigame from Mario

In the game, there will be an eye in the middle, and 3 buttons to click on.
The goal is to acumulate as manny points as posible, through clicking the
button with the same collor as the eye's iris.

You get +2 seconds for every corect click, and get -5 seconds for every incorect click.
If i have extra time, i may add more buttons to click, as well as randomixe between iris and X
(when x appears, you have to click on another button than the one with the same collor)

# Log: 23-01-18
For today, I have finnished adding in my progress from another computer, onto the repo.
For the next log, I will try to fix the loading screen so that it loades one page at a time.
But not before adding comments where necesary.
Have a nice day

---Philip Mellbin

# log 23-01-21
For today, I have fixed the functionality of the loading screen and will now work on the style of it.
After the loading screan is compleated, I will work on the main game.
Have a nice day!

---Philip Mellbin

# log 23-01-23

For today, I have continued filing on the load sequence, as well as started progress on game articel.
The plan I have right now is to dedicate 1 weak on game section, half a week on the game over section and use the remaining time to file the game. Like add countdown(Will probably do that today), add X feature(Don't click on the color the X displays), and maby more collors

For the final 3 days of the assignment, I will begin on a documentation document, summarizing all that i've done, as well as future aspirations with the program(if there are anny)

Have a nice day!

--Philip Mellbin
